Well it's morning now.  I feel more awake somehow.  Well I know how.  It's because I'm me now.  It's because I lost my phone yesterday.
Life feels better without it.  I feel like the conversation has evolved.  Now I need to actually push to see people.  Things
are harder, but that's the way I like it.  I know that this is going to make things tough for other people, but its going to
give me the sanity I need.  Now I will need to find other ways to stimulate my mind, which is a good thing.  I will need to bring
me with me.  I will need to learn how to be whole.  

And I feel like my identity is less defined by computer science now.  Now when I'm at a computer, I'll actually take it for what it is
instead of something I could do whenever.  I'll write more code.  I'll commit less.  I'm okay with that.  Less internet is not
a bad thing.  

I feel like the addiction is starting to run away now.  Like I'm going to be free now.  I can crack my head open and run again.
I'm not sure what that means in this context, but I guess, like I am free to learn again.  Things feel easier.  I think I was 
thinking clearly yesterday when my phone got destroyed.  I don't feel like it was a black and white decision to not get it replaced.
I probably wouldn't have smashed it, but I'm glad it got broken by accident.  

My entire frame of thinking changed in that moment.  I wasn't playing guitar for me.  I was playing guitar for some future date.
I wasn't doing things for now, I was doing them for the future.  It was like I didn't understand the "Now".  But I think I do.
I think get why you do things in a moment.  I'm more aware of the individual moments now.  Things are more reasonable in this
way for me.

Things feel better in this way, for me.  That's what I like about not having a phone.  I feel more in the moment.  Like I actually 
need to know things to know them.  Like I can't just look it up.  And so I feel a responsibility to remember.  That's what it is.
My long term memory was fading because as long as I had a smart phone I could just look it up.  That was all I needed.
